I said if you have no money, you have no money.
Why do you have to rush that fat guy?
Going out in a hurry
I forgot my wallet.
You really can't take it out?
Take off this dress and search for me. Don't you dare
How do you hit people?
Okay, you don't give money for buying clothes, and you still dare to hit people?
Take off my clothes and I'll defend you
Let you continue to accept my greatness today
I stop
Ah, dear.
Suzaku
What wind brought you here?
What are you doing?
This person bought clothes without paying
He's a poor liar
You left in a hurry just now.
I forgot my wallet.
I specially sent it to you.
This is
This is my supervisor
You don't want to die, do you?
Why don't you come over and apologize to him?
Not yet come
Why do you want me to do it?
Who are you?
You are fucking blind
This Zhu Xueda is a young general of the Shi Army
Excellent relationship with Governor Long
Not something you can afford to mess with
Sir, I'm sorry.
We will never be Tarzan
Don't take it personally.